Enhance sizes documentation for next/image (#39301)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/image.md

### sizes

A string that provides information about how wide the image will be at different breakpoints. The value of `sizes` will greatly affect performance for images using `layout="responsive"` or `layout="fill"`. It will be ignored for images using `layout="intrinsic"` or `layout="fixed"`.

The `sizes` property serves two important purposes related to image performance:

> First, the value of `sizes` is used by the browser to determine which size of the image to download, from `next/image`'s automatically-generated source set. When the browser chooses, it does not yet know the size of the image on the page, so it selects an image that is just larger than the viewport. The `sizes` property allows you to tell the browser that the image will actually be smaller than full screen. If you don't specify a `sizes` value, a default value of `100vw` (full screen width) is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, the value of `sizes` is used by the browser to determine which size of the image to download, from `next/image`'s automatically-generated source set. When the browser chooses, it does not yet know the size of the image on the page, so it selects an image that is the same size or larger than the viewport. The `sizes` property allows you to tell the browser that the image will actually be smaller than full screen. If you don't specify a `sizes` value, a default value of `100vw` (full screen width) is used.
```

### sizes

> A string that provides information about how wide the image will be at different breakpoints. Has important performance ramifications for images using `layout="responsive"` or `layout="fill"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string that provides information about how wide the image will be at different breakpoints. The value of `sizes` will greatly affect performance for images using `layout="responsive"` or `layout="fill"`. It will be ignored for  images using`layout="intrinsic"` or `layout="fixed"`.
```

The `sizes` property serves two important purposes related to image performance:

> First, the value of `sizes` is used by the browser to determine which of the image urls from the [`srcset`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLImageElement/srcset) to download. When the browser chooses, it does not yet know the size of the image on the page, so it assumes that the image will take up the entire width of the screen, and selects an image from the srcset that is just larger than the viewport. The `sizes` property allows you to tell the browser that the image will actually be smaller than full screen.

Reviewer: Mentioning `srcset` here will be very confusing to the reader because its not available to `next/image`

Author: I tried to reduce the emphasis on srcset, and took out the docs link, since it shouldn't really matter to users. I still have to mention that there is a source set that the image is selected from--let me know if the new version looks good

> Second, the `sizes` value is parsed and used to trim the values in the automatically-created `srcset`. For images using `layout="responsive"` or `layout="fill"`, a large srcset is generated to cover all possible image sizes. If the `sizes` property value includes percentage-based sizes, such as `50vw`, then the srcset is trimmed to not include any values which are too small to ever be necessary, based on that value.

Reviewer: Which "percentage-based sizes" are supported?

Is it only `vw` or are there other units that are parsed?

Author: Just vw. I changed it to make that a little more clear

> For example, if you know your styling will cause an image to be full-width on mobile devices, but in a 3-column layout on desktop displays, you should include a sizes property such as the following:

Reviewer: Great example! How about adding one more breakpoint:

- 3 column on desktop
- 2 column on tablet
- 1 column on mobile

Author: Sure, added.

```js
import Image from 'next/image'

const MyImage = (props) => {
  return (

>     <Image

Reviewer: Since you're using `layout="fill"`, should there be a parent div with `position: relative`?

Author: I took out some of the example code  and added a `// ...` because I think it would take too many lines to make the example illustrate a realistic 3 column layout. The important part is the `<Image>` element, anyway.

>       src="example.png"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      src="/example.png"
```

      layout="fill"
      sizes="(min-width: 66em) 33vw,
             100vw"
    />
  )
}
```

> This will reduce the file size of images downloaded in the desktop view by a factor of 9. This can have a dramatic effect on performance metrics.

Reviewer: Where is "9" coming from?

Author: In this example case the image is going from full screen width to one-third screen width. Since the file size is proportional to the square of the width, that should be ~9 times smaller, I think.

Reviewer: It might be good to explain that to the reader since its not clear

Author: Rewrote that--hopefully it's clear now.

> If you are using `layout="intrinsic"` or `layout="fixed"`, then `sizes` is not needed because the upper bound width is constrained already.

Reviewer: Lets bump this section to the top since these layouts can ignore `sizes`

Learn more about `srcset` and `sizes`:

> [web.dev](https://web.dev/learn/design/responsive-images/#sizes)
> [mdn](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/img#attr-sizes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [web.dev](https://web.dev/learn/design/responsive-images/#sizes)
- [mdn](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/img#attr-sizes)
```
